[doc] Better clarify the difference between two profilers (#1759)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/profiler.rst

Profiler
========

Taichi's profiler can help you analyze the run-time cost of your program. There are two profiling systems in Taichi: ``KernelProfiler`` and ``ScopedProfiler``.

> ``KernelProfiler`` is used to analysis the performance of user kernels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``KernelProfiler`` is used to analyze the performance of user kernels.
```

> While ``ScopedProfiler`` is used for Taichi developers for analysis the
> performance of the compiler itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While ``ScopedProfiler`` is used by Taichi developers to analyze the
performance of the compiler itself.
```
